feat: support event bridge (#4188)
philips-labs/terraform-aws-github-runner: modules/multi-runner/README.md

| <a name="input_enable_ami_housekeeper"></a> [enable\_ami\_housekeeper](#input\_enable\_ami\_housekeeper) | Option to disable the lambda to clean up old AMIs. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_managed_runner_security_group"></a> [enable\_managed\_runner\_security\_group](#input\_enable\_managed\_runner\_security\_group) | Enabling the default managed security group creation. Unmanaged security groups can be specified via `runner_additional_security_group_ids`. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_metrics_control_plane"></a> [enable\_metrics\_control\_plane](#input\_enable\_metrics\_control\_plane) | (Experimental) Enable or disable the metrics for the module. Feature can change or renamed without a major release. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_workflow_job_events_queue"></a> [enable\_workflow\_job\_events\_queue](#input\_enable\_workflow\_job\_events\_queue) | Enabling this experimental feature will create a secondary sqs queue to which a copy of the workflow\_job event will be delivered. | `bool` | `false` | no |

> | <a name="input_eventbridge"></a> [eventbridge](#input\_eventbridge) | Enable the use of EventBridge by the module. By enable this feature events will be putted on the EventBridge bhy the webhook instead of directly dispatchting to queues for sacling. | <pre>object({<br/>    enable        = optional(bool, false)<br/>    accept_events = optional(list(string), [])<br/>  })</pre> | `{}` | no |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <a name="input_eventbridge"></a> [eventbridge](#input\_eventbridge) | Enable the use of EventBridge by the module. By enabling this feature, events will be put on the EventBridge by the webhook instead of directly dispatching to queues for scaling. | <pre>object({<br/>    enable        = optional(bool, false)<br/>    accept_events = optional(list(string), [])<br/>  })</pre> | `{}` | no |
```

| <a name="input_enable_managed_runner_security_group"></a> [enable\_managed\_runner\_security\_group](#input\_enable\_managed\_runner\_security\_group) | Enabling the default managed security group creation. Unmanaged security groups can be specified via `runner_additional_security_group_ids`. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_metrics_control_plane"></a> [enable\_metrics\_control\_plane](#input\_enable\_metrics\_control\_plane) | (Experimental) Enable or disable the metrics for the module. Feature can change or renamed without a major release. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_workflow_job_events_queue"></a> [enable\_workflow\_job\_events\_queue](#input\_enable\_workflow\_job\_events\_queue) | Enabling this experimental feature will create a secondory sqs queue to which a copy of the workflow\_job event will be delivered. | `bool` | `false` | no |

> | <a name="input_eventbridge"></a> [eventbridge](#input\_eventbridge) | Enable the use of EventBridge by the module. By enable this feature events will be putted on the EventBridge bhy the webhook instead of directly dispatchting to queues for sacling. | <pre>object({<br/>    enable        = optional(bool, false)<br/>    accept_events = optional(list(string), [])<br/>  })</pre> | `{}` | no |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| <a name="input_eventbridge"></a> [eventbridge](#input\_eventbridge) | Enable the use of EventBridge by the module. By enable this feature events will be putted on the EventBridge by the webhook instead of directly dispatching to queues for scaling. | <pre>object({<br/>    enable        = optional(bool, false)<br/>    accept_events = optional(list(string), [])<br/>  })</pre> | `{}` | no |
```
